Implement Instancer LODs (#604)
TokisanGames/Terrain3D: doc/docs/instancer.md

### Simple Objects

> Some 3D assets are complex objects with multiple, separate meshes, such as a tree trunk and leaves, a chest and lid, or a door frame and door. MultiMeshes supports only one mesh per LOD. If you give it a complex object with separate trunk and leaves, it won't work as expected.
> 
> Our system scans the provided scene file for _reasonable_ LOD structures:
> 
> 1. If it finds meshes with the `LOD#` suffix in their names (`MyMeshInstanceLOD0`, `MyMeshInstanceLOD1`, etc), it'll order by LOD number and pick the first ones.
> 2. Fallback to sorting all the meshes in the scene by name,
> 3. Finally, fallback to using the root node as `LOD0` if that's a Mesh Instance.
> 
> Terrain3D supports four levels of detail.

Author: ```suggestion
Some 3D assets are complex objects with multiple, separate meshes, such as a tree trunk and leaves, a chest and lid, or a door frame and door. MultiMeshes supports only one mesh per LOD. If you give it a complex object with separate trunk and leaves, it won't work as expected.
```

### Simple Objects

> Some 3D assets are complex objects with multiple, separate meshes, such as a tree trunk and leaves, a chest and lid, or a door frame and door. MultiMeshes support only one mesh per LOD. Our system scans the provided scene file and uses the first mesh it finds for LOD0, the second mesh as LOD1, and so on up to LOD3. If you give it a complex object with separate trunk and leaves, it won't work as expected.

Author: ```suggestion
Some 3D assets are complex objects with multiple, separate meshes, such as a tree trunk and leaves, a chest and lid, or a door frame and door. MultiMeshes supports only one mesh per LOD. If you give it a complex object with separate trunk and leaves, it won't work as expected.

Our system scans the provided scene file for _reasonable_ LOD structures:

1. If it finds meshes with the `LOD#` suffix in their names (`MyMeshInstanceLOD0`, `MyMeshInstanceLOD1`, etc), it'll order by LOD number and pick the first ones.
2. Fallback to sorting all the meshes in the scene by name,
3. Finally, fallback to using the root node as `LOD0` if that's a Mesh Instance.

Terrain3D supports four levels of detail.
```

----------------------------------

## LOD Support

#### Auto LODs

MultiMeshes do work with the auto LODs generated by the import system. There are some bugs in the engine so you may find the meshes generated are sub par. If so, the only way to fix it is by disabling the auto LOD generation on that mesh in the Godot importer and reimporting. This can be done with existing mesh instances on the ground.

#### Artist Created LODs

We also provide a way to insert artist created LODs, stored as separate meshes within your scene file. We generate a multimesh for each LOD, from LOD0 up to LOD3. The visiliby range of each LOD level can be set in the instancer options. The engine will automatically switch between LOD levels based on the distance from the camera.

<figure class="video_container">
 <video width="600px" controls="true" allowfullscreen="true">
 <source src="../_static/video/lod-001-base.mp4" type="video/mp4">
 </video>

> </figure>

Author: ```suggestion
</figure>

Terrain3D supports four levels of detail.

Our system scans the provided scene file for _reasonable_ LOD structures:

1. If it finds meshes with the `LOD#` suffix in their names (`MyMeshInstanceLOD0`, `MyMeshInstanceLOD1`, etc), it'll pick the first ones, ordered by their LOD number.
2. Else, it fallbacks to pick the first meshes in the scene, ordered by name,
3. Finally, we fallback to using the root node as `LOD0` if that's a Mesh Instance.
```

#### Shadows LODs

> When using artist created LODs, we provide various option for shadow LODs.
> 
> The `Maximum Shadow LOD` option lets you set the maximum LOD level that will cast shadows. Objects with higher LOD levels (further away) will not cast shadows. This is used to improve performance in case where shadows are not visible in the distance (blades of grass for example).
> 
> In the following video, note how the shadows disappear as we lower the `Maximum Shadow LOD` value.
> 
> <figure class="video_container">
>  <video width="600px" controls="true" allowfullscreen="true">
>  <source src="../_static/video/lod-002-shadow-maximum-lod.mp4" type="video/mp4">
>  </video>
> </figure>
> 
> The `Minimum Shadow LOD` option lets you set the minimum LOD level that will cast shadows. Objects with lower LOD levels (closer) will appear as if they are casting the shadow of this LOD level. This is used to improve performance in case where shadows don't need as much detail as the object itself.
> 
> In the following video, note how shadows are using the (simpler) cube mesh for LODs 0 and 1 when we set the `Minimum Shadow LOD` to 2.
> 
> <figure class="video_container">
>  <video width="600px" controls="true" allowfullscreen="true">
>  <source src="../_static/video/lod-003-shadow-minimum-lod.mp4" type="video/mp4">
>  </video>
> </figure>
> 
> Be wary of double checking your LODs configuration in the editor, as we don't validate nonsensical settings for now (e.g. LOD0 range is greater than LOD1 range, or `Maximum Shadow LOD` is less than `Minimum Shadow LOD`). In the future we may provide warning once [Configuration Warnings for Resources](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/90049) makes its way into the engine.

Author: ```suggestion
When using artist-created LODs, we provide various options for shadow LODs.

The `Last Shadow LOD` option lets you set the last LOD level that will cast shadows. Objects with higher LOD levels (further away) will not cast shadows. This is used to improve performance in cases where shadows are not visible in the distance (blades of grass, for example).

In the following video, note how the shadows disappear as we lower the `last_shadow_lod` value.

<figure class="video_container">
 <video width="600px" controls="true" allowfullscreen="true">
 <source src="../_static/video/lod-002-shadow-maximum-lod.mp4" type="video/mp4">
 </video>
</figure>

The `First Shadow LOD` option lets you set the first LOD level that will cast shadows. Objects with lower LOD levels (closer) will appear as if they are casting a shadow of this LOD level. This is used to improve performance in cases where shadows don't need as much detail as the object itself.

In the following video, note how shadows use the (simpler) cube mesh for LODs 0 and 1 when we set the `first_shadow_lod` to 2.

<figure class="video_container">
 <video width="600px" controls="true" allowfullscreen="true">
 <source src="../_static/video/lod-003-shadow-minimum-lod.mp4" type="video/mp4">
 </video>
</figure>

Be wary of double-checking your LODs configuration in the editor, as we don't validate nonsensical settings for now (e.g., the LOD0 range is greater than the LOD1 range, or `last_shadow_lod` is less than `first_shadow_lod`). In the future, we may provide a warning once [Configuration Warnings for Resources](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/90049) makes its way into the engine.
```
